Added scheduling logic. (#3991)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: quickwit/quickwit-control-plane/src/indexing_scheduler/scheduling/README.md

# Scheduling logic

Quickwit needs to assign indexing tasks to a set of indexers nodes.
We call the result of this decision the indexing physical plan.

This needs to be done under the constraints of:
- not exceeding the maximum load of each node. (O)

We also want to observe some interesting properties such as:

> - (A) we want to keep the current state of the cluster.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "keep the current state of the cluster"? Do you mean "healthy cluster"?

Reviewer: Ok, I understood with the distance between two solution matrices. You could add this sentence to clarify: "we don't want to move indexing tasks between indexers."

- (B) we want a source to be spread amongst as few nodes as possible
- (C) we prefer to respect some margin on the capacity of all nodes.

> - (D) when we are working with the Push API source, we prefer to colocate indexers on

Reviewer: Is "Push API source" = "Ingest API source"?

Reviewer: (I think yes but we probably want to use the same naming everywhere)

Author: good point!

  the ingesters holding the data.

# Problem abstraction

To simplify the logic and make it easier to test it, we first abstract this in the following
optimization problem. In Quickwit, we have two types of source:

- The push api source: they have a given (changing) set of shards associated to them.
  A shard is rate-limited to ensure their throughput is lower than `5MB/s` worth of
  uncompressed data. This guarantees that a given shard can be indexed by a
  single indexing pipeline.

- Other sources, like Kafka. It is a very common use case to use quickwit to index large
  amounts of historical data. Right now, the user is therefore expected to supply a desired
  number of pipeline.

> Routers send their batch to the different ingesters they know off using a round-robbin logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Routers send their batch to the different ingesters they know using a round-robin logic.
```

We assume that routers's list of known shards gets eventually updated after a shard addition, so that

> we can assume that shard have roughly the same load.

Reviewer: Just to be sure to understand the sentence "shard have roughly the same load": if a client sends 43MB/s, we will end up opening 9 shards, each ingesting 43/9= 4.77MB/s right? So yes roughly the same load.

Author: Yes.

Indexers inform of observed load of all of their pipelines. 
This load is assumed unidimensional. This is imperfect of course: indexing consumes network, io, etc.
Still for the sake of simplification we pick one metric, measured as the amount of CPU spent
in the indexer. 

The control plane consolidates this figure to create a load_per_shard metric.

The hypothesis above allow us to see both kafka and ingest sources through the same lens, and stop 
making a distinction between shards.

In our scheduler, a source simply has:
- an identifier (a `u32`)
- a number of shard.
- a load per shard identified by a u32, expression thousandth of CPU.

And indexer has:
- a maximum total load (that we will need to measure or configure).

The problem is now greatly simplified.

> A solution is a sparse matrix of `(num_indexes, num_sources)` that holds a number of shards to be run.

Reviewer: I guess you meant `(number of indexers, number of sources)`.

```suggestion
A solution is a sparse matrix of `(num_indexers, num_sources)` that holds a number of shards to be run.
```
